Updated introduction.md (#2483)
vuejs/docs: src/guide/introduction.md

You may already have questions - don't worry. We will cover every little detail in the rest of the documentation. For now, please read along so you can have a high-level understanding of what Vue offers.

:::tip Prerequisites

> The rest of the documentation assumes basic familiarity with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. If you are totally new to frontend development, it might not be the best idea to jump right into a framework as your first step - grasp the basics and then come back! You can check your knowledge level with [this JavaScript overview](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript). You can also review [HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML) and [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/First_steps) overviews if needed. Prior experience with other frameworks helps, but is not required.

Reviewer: The additional resources is a good mention! 

What do you think of this rewrite to integrate the two sentences together?

```suggestion
The rest of the documentation assumes basic familiarity with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. If you are totally new to frontend development, it might not be the best idea to jump right into a framework as your first step - grasp the basics and then come back! You can check your knowledge level with these overviews for [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript), [HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML) and [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/First_steps) if needed. Prior experience with other frameworks helps, but is not required.
```

Reviewer 2: The sentence is more understandable after integrating the two sentences together, it flows well!

    <p class="next-steps-caption">Explore examples of core features and common UI tasks.</p>
  </a>
</div>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    <p class="next-steps-caption">Explore examples of core features and common UI tasks.</p>
  </a>
</div>

> ## Next Steps

Reviewer: For the "Next Steps" section, this conflicts with the "Pick your learning path" heading and also contains a duplicate path since "Read the Guide" points to the same quick start guide.

What do you think of replacing the "Pick your learning path" with "Next steps" as a way to make it clearer to the reader on what is next?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Choose your learning path
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - [Quick Start Guide](quick-start.md): This guide will walk you through the process of creating your first Vue.js project. It is designed to be a fast-paced introduction to the key concepts you'll need to understand to use Vue.js effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
